SALES AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT 


This SALES AND PURCHASE AGREEMENT (hereinafter referred to as “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of April 1st, 2023, by and between BELVELO N.V., a public limited liability company established under the laws of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, having its registered seat at J.H. van den Broekstraat 87, Rotterdam, the Netherlands (hereinafter referred to as “BELVELO" or the “Purchaser”),  

And 

LTAC Co., a company incorporated under the laws of the Republic of China (“LTAC” or the “Seller”). Capitalized terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in Article I hereto. 

W I T N E S S E T H:  
Whereas, BELVELO agrees to  purchase from LTAC certain LTAC’s small capacity lithium-ion vehicle batteries for the purchase price and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;  
Whereas, BELVELO has a reputation for being a reliable business partner always current in its payments and diligently performing its obligations; 
Whereas, LTAC manufactures the products BELVELO wishes to purchase; 
Now, therefore, in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual promises, representations, warranties, and covenants hereinafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows: 



SECTION 1.1 Certain Definitions. 
The following terms shall have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement, except where the context otherwise requires: 
"Effective Date" means the date on which the parties hereto sign and execute the Agreement. In some cases, the parties may agree to a different date; 
“Products” means any  products of the Seller as mutually agreed between the parties;   
“Sale Price” means the price for the Products as provided below, which shall include the Value-Added Tax; 
"Value-Added Tax" means the tax that is placed on the Product at each stage of production and distributio thus included in the Sale Price

SECTION 2.1 Sale of Products. 
The Seller hereby agrees to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser hereby agrees to purchase from the Seller, the Products on the terms and conditions hereof. 

SECTION 2.2 Sale Price.
The Sale Price for the Products shall be EUR 2,100,000, which includes the Value-Added Tax. 

SECTION 2.3 Invoices. 
The Seller shall issue the following invoices in EUROs for payment thereof, which shall be due upon issuance, in accordance with the following schedule:  
(a) Invoice for the first payment, to be issued on 1 July 2023 
(b) Invoice for the second payment, to be issued on 1 August 2023. 

SECTION 2.4 Payment Schedule. 
Payment of the Sale Price is intended to be made by installments by Purchaser to Seller in accordance with the following schedule:  
(a) First payment at EUR 1,000,000 shall be paid by the Purchaser within 30 days after the Effective Date;  
(b) Second payment at EUR 1,100,000 shall be paid on 1 September 2023.
 
SECTION 3.1 LTAC Small Capacity Vehicle Batteries. 
The Seller will make reasonable efforts to deliver the Products to the Purchaser at the FOB (Shanghai) Incoterms 2020 location by 1 July 2023 in three delivery batches.

SECTION 4.1 Purchaser’s Representation and Warranty. 
The Purchaser represents and warrants to the Seller that: 
(a) as far as the Purchaser is aware, it is a company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the Netherlands and is duly authorized to conduct business and in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where such qualification is required;  
(b) to the best of the Purchaser’s knowledge, it has the requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to carry out the provisions of this Agreement. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all requisite corporate action of the Purchaser. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Purchaser and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding obligation of the Purchaser, enforceable in accordance with its terms. 
(c) on the Effective Date of the agreement, the execution, delivery and performance by the Purchaser of this Agreement, the compliance by the Purchaser with all the provisions hereof and thereof on part of the Purchaser and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby on part of the Purchaser will not conflict with or result in any violation of the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or its internal rules or any statute or any order, rule or regulation of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over it or any of its properties or assets. 
[…] 

SECTION 8.1 Default. 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events, and except as is otherwise provided for in this Agreement, this Agreement shall be terminated immediately without prior notice and without prejudice to any and all rights and remedies available to the parties, if: 
(a) the Seller delays delivery of the related Products to the Purchaser for more than 30 days from the agreed delivary date as set forth in Section 3.1; or 
(b) The Purchaser delays any payment for more than 30 days in accordance with the payment schedule as set forth in Section 2.4; or 
(c) The Purchaser fails or defaults in the performance of any obligation or covenant under this Agreement; or 
(d) Any representation or warranty made by the Purchaser hereunder is breached. 
[…] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date set forth in the first paragraph hereof. 
  
BELVELO N.V. 
By:  
Name:  
  
LTAC Co.  
By:  
Name:  


...
..
.

In Section 1.1: add a definition for "Value-Added Tax" to ensure clarity on its meaning. Rephrase effective date to make it clear without any ambiguity.

In Section 2.2: specify that the Sale Price is inclusive of Value-Added Tax to avoid any confusion because it was added in the definition of Sale Price in Section 1.1

In Section 2.3: clarify that the invoices for payment are due upon issuance to avoid any delays in payment. The wording "make best efforts" should be replaced with "shall" to make the issuance of the invoices a contractual obligation.
Specify the currency of the invoice to avoid confusion

In Section 2.4: the wording "reasonable time" should be replaced with a specific date or timeframe for the first payment to be made.

In Section 3.1: clarify that the Seller is responsible for the delivery of the Products and specify the delivery location to avoid any confusion.

In Section 8.1(a): specify a reasonable timeframe for the Seller to deliver the Products to avoid any ambiguity. (b) Specify the specific timeframes for the payment delays to avoid confusion

.
..
...













 
 


  

